CLOUDP-121001: Update login help (#1197)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-auth-login.txt

.. code-block::

>    To start the interactive login with the MongoDB Atlas account:

Reviewer: Minor grammar change
```suggestion
   To start the interactive login for your MongoDB Atlas account:
```

Author: Done! Thanks.
